doc: add k8s rbac minimal config (#278)
smallrye/smallrye-stork: docs/service-discovery/kubernetes.md

</dependency>
```

#### A few words about server authentication. 
Stork uses Fabric8 Kubernetes Client to access the Kubernetes resources, concretely the `DefaultKubernetesClient` implementation. It will try to read the ~/.kube/config file in your home directory and load information required for authenticating with the Kubernetes API server. If you are using DefaultKubernetesClient from inside a Pod, it will load ~/.kube/config from the ServiceAccount volume mounted inside the Pod. You can override this configuration if you want a more complex configuration.

##### Role-based access control (RBAC)
If you're using a Kubernetes cluster with RBAC enabled, the default permissions for a ServiceAccount don't allow it ot list or modify any resources. 

> A `ServiceAccount`, a `Role` and a `RoleBinding` will be needed in order to allow Stork to get/list service instances from the cluster. An example that allows listing all endpoints could look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `ServiceAccount`, a `Role`, and a `RoleBinding` are needed in order to allow Stork to list the available service instances from the cluster or namespace. 
An example that allows listing all endpoints could look something like this:
```

```yaml
------
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: <appName>
  namespace: <namespace>
---
kind: Role
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  namespace: <namespace>

>   name: <appname>

Reviewer: Can you keep the order?
name followed by namespace or the opposite but be consistent.

rules:
  - apiGroups: [""] # "" indicates the core API group

>     resources: ["endpoints"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    resources: ["endpoints"] # stork queries service endpoints
```

>     verbs: ["get", "watch", "list"]

Reviewer: Do we really need watch?

Author: no, not really, I will remove it

---
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: <appname>
  namespace: <namespace>
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    # Reference to upper's `metadata.name`

>     name: default

Reviewer: shouldn't it be appname?

</dependency>
```

#### A few words about server authentication. 
Stork uses [Fabric8 Kubernetes Client](https://github.com/fabric8io/kubernetes-client#readme) to access the Kubernetes resources, concretely the `DefaultKubernetesClient` implementation. 

It will try to read the `~/.kube/config` file from your local machine and load the token for authenticating with the Kubernetes API server.

If you are using the Stork Kubernetes discovery provider from inside a _Pod_, it loads `~/.kube/config` from the container file system.

> 

Reviewer: Wondering about the rendering. Would it create new single-line paragraphs? 

In general, I use the 1 sentence per-line rule (ease edits and reviews), but no blank lines between lines from the same paragraph.

Reviewer 2: maybe we could integrate generating documentation previews into PR jobs...

Author: I don't get to avoid the blank line between lines. If I don't let the blank line, the paragraph is not split into lines....

</dependency>
```

#### A few words about server authentication. 
Stork uses [Fabric8 Kubernetes Client](https://github.com/fabric8io/kubernetes-client#readme) to access the Kubernetes resources, concretely the `DefaultKubernetesClient` implementation. 

> Stork uses Fabric8 Kubernetes Client to access the Kubernetes resources, concretely the `DefaultKubernetesClient` implementation.

Reviewer 2: this sentence is now duplicated
```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: it's still duplicated, isn't it?

Author: :-S

Author: And now?

It will try to read the `~/.kube/config` file from your local machine and load the token for authenticating with the Kubernetes API server.

> If you are using the Stork Kubernetes discovery provider from inside a _Pod_, it load `~/.kube/config` from the container file system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using the Stork Kubernetes discovery provider from inside a _Pod_, it loads `~/.kube/config` from the container file system.
```
